---
title: I
category: Court of Shadows and Ruin
---
The slave watched the town slowly burn. The remaining inhabitants screamed as their homes crumbled on top of them and their neighbors burned alive on the streets. Guilt tugged on her as the screams began to lessen, and the fire began to be sated.

*'So many lives destroyed for nothing,'* She turned to the general beside her, '*is this truly what you wanted?'*

He chuckled, “A few lives for a greater cause. You should be very familiar with the way war works, Nixarza.”

*'It causes much unnecessary bloodshed because two or more parties can't get along with each other. Yes, I am much aware of the dealings of war, Válgr.'*

Válgr smiled, “Feeling guilt? Are you not the World Destroyer? Conqueror of Realms? Guilt is beneath you.”

Nixarza grunted, '*Guilt is never beneath anyone, others just chose to ignore it.'*

“That is what a true warrior must do to become the best."

*'Or to become heartless.'*

“Heartless?” Válgr laughed, “Is that what you consider me, the mightiest jotunn that has ever lived?”

Nixarza glanced up at the 9-foot being, '*Don't flatter yourself Válgr, that is the beginning of a mighty man's downfall.'*

“I am not a man.”

She waved her hand, '*Semantics, you all have the same faults.'*

Válgr laughed again and Nixarza rolled her eyes. She watched as the ashes of the town floated in the air and with barely a flick of her hand, she sent a soft breeze to guide the ashes further down the valley.

“Sending a warning to our enemies?”

Nixarza didn't answer him, instead, she turned away from the town. The enemies of the jotunn needed no reminder of the cruelty that would bestow them if the jotunn laid eyes on their town next. No, her gesture had been made to give those who had fought and died in their homes a proper sendoff; and to, perhaps, warn the Protectors of the Realms where the jotunn were headed next.

- - -

Nixarza scowled at the cage Válgr had placed her in. Her scowl only deepened as the cage was lifted and placed on the back of a wagon.

Válgr peered into the small space, “Lighten up dragon, you have an easier ride than most of us.”

She only glared at him.

Válgr smirked and closed the door, engulfing her in darkness. This was how he usually transported her—in a fully-enclosed iron cage, like she was some mindless beast that could only destroy. It was barely big enough to contain her wings, even when she pulled them in tightly.

The army began to move, and Nixarza winced as she was jostled around. It wasn't enough that Válgr enslaved her, his people had to torment her as well. She knew they were purposely careless when it came to transporting her. Whether Válgr personally chose the more rocky paths for his army to traverse through was still open for discussion.

She tried to wrap her wings around her more tightly; but no matter how she placed them, they were always bruised and sore by the time she was released. It was all part of Válgr's tactic of scaring his enemies and keeping her under a tight leash. The jotunn was no fool, he knew that she would kill him the moment Fate gave her a chance.

Nixarza closed her eyes and opened her other senses. She could feel the entire army that followed the jotunn. Their alliance to each other was… interesting. Nixarza began to tunnel into her magic, stroking the embers and soothing the tendrils of darkness that wanted out. Sometime soon, she expected the fae to intervene and stop Válgr. When that happens, she had to be ready to make her escape. Immortality had taught her many things, like patience, and she wasn't going to spend the rest of it as a slave.

- - -

The captain looked out over the city walls. A cloud of ashes drifted towards them and slowly coated the plains beyond. He sighed and beckoned to one of the other soldiers.

“Yes, sir?”

“Send word to the Council, the jotunn are on their way to Carlhaven.”