---
layout: chapter
title: 'Dear Diary, Truth or Dare?'
order: 1
category: Dear Diary
prev: ../
---

Dear Diary, I have a *big* problem. Jennifer might know my biggest secret. It happened years ago and I haven't told told anyone, not even my best friends; but somehow Jennifer knows! And she just might tell everyone for me. My biggest secret is so bad that it could destroy everything, my life, my family, and my friends. I have no one else to talk to about it, I shouldn't even be writing this down; but I need someplace to catalog everything and figure out what I'm going to do. This is bad, really bad. So, first, let's go over what happened...

Jennifer Stone is the new girl who decided to become the queen of the school and make my life miserable on the same day. I don't know why I became her target, but I quickly realized what a special honor I'd been given. Jennifer was super nice to everyone, that really popular girl who everybody, including the teachers, liked. Oh, wait, maybe that's why she immediately hated me. I guess there can only be one most-favored girl in school, go figure. Honestly, I was here first. She keeps doing little things to agitate me, like spilling stuff on my books ("accidentally" of course), messing with my locker, stealing my notes, making up weird things about me, you get the point. So, you see why I call her a witch? Seriously though, if someone talks, walks, and dresses like a witch, wouldn't you call them a witch? I'm serious, she actually acts like a witch! Even her fingernails and hair scream "witch". I called her a witch to her face and she just curtsied, smiled, and thanked me for the compliment. I swear she's copying my playbook because that's one of my favorite tactics. Not that I'm mean to anyone, I only do that to people who are trying to insult me for random reasons. But enough about Jennifer, let's about her half-brother Caden.

Caden is... just Caden. I mean, he's hot, but doesn't flaunt out his features; cute, but not babyish; and shy, but not in an antisocial way, if that makes sense. He just keeps to himself. To be honest, I don't know how to describe him. My only problem with Caden is that he's blonde. I don't mean to offend anyone, but I have a thing against blonde people, most of them anyway. They're usually represented as bossy or I'm-so-hot-I-could-be-the-sun kind of way. Not to mention the really naive and dumb ones. Occasionally, I'll read about, or see someone on TV, who's blonde and actually a nice I'm-normal-just-like-you person instead of an I'm-a-movie-star-and-you're-a-worthless brat. You get my point, Hollywood has messed up blondes for me. Who wants someone like that as a friend? And Jennifer is exactly one type of blonde I'm talking about.

Anyway, Caden is almost the exact opposite of Jennifer, which is funny because they're half-siblings (get it?). Caden came to town, and you wouldn't have noticed if the local gossip group didn't do a how-hot-is-the-new-guy pole. He just blends into the background and avoids everyone (or everyone just avoids him, I'm not sure which, yet). The first day he came, though, I immediately knew he liked me. When a guy decides to stare right at you for prolonged periods of time, you just know something is up. You might be wondering why I didn't walk up and introduce myself the moment I caught him staring, right? Well, because his stare makes me feel... funny. It's that stare that guys give you that makes you conscious of how low your neckline is and how tight your jeans are. Now, for some girls that's fine, they love getting noticed like that; but for me, that's a big red flag. I've never kissed a boy or "gotten physical" and I like it that way, mostly anyway. Being kissed by someone who really seemed to like me probably wouldn't be that bad. Call me old-fashioned or weird, but I'd like to keep my virginity for my future husband, thank you very much. Of course, Caden's whole I-want-you stare sends shivers down my spine and a beware-of-your-surroundings message to my brain. If I'm being completely honest, it makes me a little giddy. Caden is definitely the kind of man I should stay away from, which brings me back to Jennifer. Everything seems to go back to her.

Jennifer has a special way of knowing exactly what gets you mad and using that to her advantage. Isn't she special? Imagine what she decided to do to me. Sweet Jenny decided she just had to speak about the wonderful aspects of love, mainly the physical parts. Isn't school an amazing place for pure virgins? Gee, wonder why most run wild in high school? You'd think avoiding Jennifer would solve my problem, right? It's got to be an easy-peasy solution. Yeah, I wish. She could pick me out from a crowd of people if we were all wearing the same outfit. And I doubt it's because of my blood-red hair.

I think I'm starting to accept the fact that Jennifer and I are going to be bosom buddies for a while. Well, I was starting to accept that until she figuratively pushed me down a hill without brakes. What do I mean? It's a long, and somewhat humorous, story that starts yesterday at Beth's birthday party...

Have you ever played the game Truth or Dare? Have you ever played it with someone who wants to crush your life with their fingers and laugh as you try to pick up the pieces? Well, I hope not; but if you have, we can compare notes sometime.

Somehow, Zoey and Frances (my two besties) convinced me to play Truth or Dare with some other girls. No big deal, except that "some other girls" includes Jennifer. Like I said before, Jennifer is super nice and sweet to everyone except me, so the other girls saw no reason to exclude her. Usually, I wouldn't care, but it's Truth or Dare, not exactly a 'safe' game. We set the normal rules—has to be legal, can't be life-threatening, must alternate between truth and dare, no sex questions, etc. As for player order, we decided that we would spin a bottle to determine who gets asked and the person who was chosen before would do the asking. You would think that I'd be safe with those guidelines, but no.

The game started out fine, and it was actually fun. Each time Jennifer spun the bottle, I'd cross my fingers and say a quick prayer. Each time I'd relax and thank God because the bottle didn't land on me. However, all good things must come to an end... great. Here's what happened, Beth spun the bottle, and it landed on me, and it was my turn to do a dare. As fate would have it, Beth couldn't decide what to dare me to do, so she passed it to the person on her left. The smirk on Jennifer's face was enough to plunge my stomach down to the floor. I wish Beth would've come up with something, even if it was lame.

Jennifer, still looking at me with that witches' smile, "I have the perfect dare for you, Sasha, darling."

"Of course, you do." I muttered.

Jennifer giggled, "I dare you to kiss Caden."

I froze and all the girls stared straight at me, especially Zoey and Frances. "I think I'll pass."

"Why? I know you want to, you've been sneaking glances at him all night?"

"Only because he's been watching me!"

"That makes it even better, he probably wants to kiss you too."

I rolled my eyes and murmured, "Among other things..."

The moment that comment rolled off my tongue, I knew I had said the wrong thing in an already bad situation. Jennifer's smirk grew and I groaned.

"We're getting to that," She replied, "I'll give you $50 if you kiss him."

If my jaw could have fallen off, I swear it would have. "You would pay me to kiss your brother?"

"He's my half-brother, and yes."

"I think I'm in shock, this is unbelievable. My answer is still no."

"I'll pay you $100 if you kiss him and have sex with him."

You see what I mean, this game was a horrible idea. Never, ever, give in to peer pressure, that's a basic rule and I totally tossed it out the window tonight.

I stood up and grabbed my purse, "I'm done playing this game, I think I'll leave now."

"Seriously Sasha? I'm offering to pay you to have sex with the hottest guy in school. Everyone else in their right mind would do it."

I smiled, "Thanks, Jenny, I always thought I was crazy."

Some girls giggled. Jennifer just rolled her eyes.

"If you don't at least kiss him, I will tell everyone your little secret..."

For about the hundredth time since Jennifer came to town, I froze, "What secret?"

"Oh, you know, the big bad one in your family history."

And this was the point when I knew I was in a lot of trouble. There is only one big bad secret in my family history, and it ain't pretty. But, did she really know or is Jennifer just messing with me? "I'm not sure whether I know what you're talking about or not."

There goes the witch's smile again, "Let's just say it will get your family in a lot of trouble and even jail time; that's why it's the big bad secret."

Oh crap, there is only one secret that could do that. She knew. The only person who hates me knows the only secret that could destroy me. My hands were trembling and I'm sure my panic was already showing all over my face because Jennifer's smile kept getting wider and wider.

I took a deep breath, "Let me get this straight, you want me to kiss Caden in front of everyone at this party or else you will tell them all a secret that could get my entire family in trouble?"

Jennifer made a show of considering what I said, "Yes, that's about right."

If I could've cursed, I'd say a lot of things right about now. "I could just strangle you." I murmered.

She just smiled at me.

"Why? What do you get out of this?"

She didn't answer.

I already knew anyway. If I let her have her way once, she would keep using that to control me. This was bad, really, really, bad. I couldn't do it. I just couldn't, right?

"Well Sasha?"

"I can't..." I gritted my teeth, "I *hate* being manipulated."

Jennifer shrugged and turned to the girl beside her, "Sophie, do you want to know a secret?"

Sophie just stared at Jennifer and swallowed nervously.

"You will never guess who, or what, Sasha's parents have been up to." Jennifer smiled and glanced at me, "What do the words Paris and 1994 mean to you?"

"Fine!" I yelled, "I'll do it."

"Marvelous! Come, let's go find Caden."

I blinked as Jennifer loped an arm around mine. Did she actually just jump up and clap her hands together? I am in so much trouble. Like I said before, if I could cuss...

Caden isn't hard to find, not only does he stick out like an outcast with his fancy-but-not-overly-so clothes, but he's staring at me when I turn around. Jennifer immediately walks to him, tugging me along. Each step feels like a bigger mistake than the last.

Caden regards us with a cool stare, "Can I do something for you, ladies?"

*Yes, slap your half-sister for me.*

"Sasha wants to tell you something." Jennifer chimes.

First, I have to kiss him, now I have to tell him something too? I wonder what's next, kill somebody? No, she'd do that herself and have me clean up afterwards.

"Um... your half-sister is a real witch." I muttered.

Caden smiles, "I know."

I expected Jennifer to say something, but she didn't, and I just stood there.

Jennifer then turns and calls out the first person she sees, "Hey Jeff, you wanna hear a secret?"

This time I didn't wait, I just stepped up to Caden and kissed him.

For a girl who has never kissed a boy before, I didn't have much to go by, but I'm pretty sure that kiss was great. Caden definitely had some practice, no surprise there. I could feel his hands on my waist. I tried to pull back, but he tugged me closer. By the time he lets me go, we're both breathless. I just stared at his eyes, they looked like blazing emeralds, *and* they were glowing. Weird...

Under different circumstances I think I would have really enjoyed that a whole lot more, only, Jennifer's giggles are a great buzzkill. I turned and ran from the room. I ignored the stares and the cat calls. Zoey and Frances called after me, but I ignored them too.

When I got outside, it was raining, how appropriate. I got in my Jeep and cried. Not because I had my first kiss with a guy I barely knew, no, that kiss was stellar. If I could only remember one thing from that night, it would be that kiss, hands down. I cried because I knew my life was about to go downhill fast, and I hadn't found the brakes yet.

If Jennifer really knows my secret, and I think she does based on what she said to Sophie, then it's only going to get worse really quick. Jennifer is not the person to trust with your deepest, darkest secret, and I wonder how she found out about mine...

Keeping a diary seems like a great idea now, just in case I disappear... or something worse.
